Side 1: 

Basman : It's for Audio Chess .. err .. the
presence of a foreign Grandmaster for one of our tapes
and he has ..err.. has been transported here at great
expense .. that's enough Plaskett .. shut up Plaskett !

Thor : He's ruining my tape. Go back to the
beginning.

Basman : I can erase that. We have with us
none other than the well known Czech GM, Vlastimil Hort
who will be familiar to many of you due to his splendid
performances on the BBC 'Mastergame', to talk to us
about one of his splendid games. So, speak up ! What's
the matter ?

Thor : The tournament in Wijk aan Zee was
very strong in 1975, actually, and after nine rounds I
already had 6 1/2 : Browne only 4 1/2. Well, he had white and
probably did not want draw. Just before this game in
Round 10 I remember there was brilliancy prize but how
to play with this (sic)? Play good positional moves and
change not too many of the pieces and just wait for chance."

We'll leave it there. The game a Clasical Pirc, can be
heard when you buy the cassette ....

Side 2 :

Plaskett : Does that mean Basman's useless ?

Thor : Well, he does have a bit of talent but .. err o-«
well, I am not so sure.

Stupid voice is heard : Well I would like to ask ju-ust
w-what you think of British chess in gen-er-al.

Thor : You know they have few strong players, Jon
Speelman and John Nunn and Tony Miles and they used to
have player called Ray Keene - do they still have this
player ?

Basman : No, he is administrator.

Thor : Well, he was a good player because he could get
draw.

Plaskett : That was a masterpiece.

Thor : He had a friend who introduced me to someone
called Kevin O'Connell who wanted me to write books ....
but maybe I play in tournaments.

Scots voice : Hey. What does the GM think about chess
in other parts of the UK in particular, Devon ? By the
way, would you like a drink ?

Thor : Well, I don't know where Devon is.

Scot again : He's pi***d out of his mind ! 

( Things get really out of hand as Thor discusses women's
chess, ' a funny story about Huebner ' and we meet Sir
Bumfrey Sutcliffe-Jones and other loonies .)
